I all let's file this problem.
And this is not exactly dynamic programming, but kind of dynamic programming.
This is The Guardian through much of The Guardian and a little bit of memorization here.
Let's read this and what I would strongly suggest, if this problem will actually make you understand,
if you try to solve it yourself, you'll realize that how much your recursion is strong.
This is a problem that makes you realize it.
So let me quickly reread Sigourney Stringer's part in it.
I said that every string, every substring of the partition is included in all possible sub domain partitioning
office.
But in Rumi, string is a string that reads in backward.
And we know this will be.
You can see this is one partitioning.
It is a.
Palindromic.
Well, we have Abe first.
But partitioning can be this new partitions that means to get paid and it is is a palindrome is a palindrome
and B's a palindrome.
The single this can be applicable for all possible things that we can get into.
Again, partitioning is normally isolating, mutated it or it's very easy.
It will be only the answer.
And this takes some other random string.
It's a.
B.
E.
Well, in this case, what will happen?
Of course, we know the first partitioning and maybe that means this.
The second can be.
Bebe Right, because this is also but in Rome, this is also a bedroom and this is also a bedroom.
Right.
And that can be this may be a this.
This is about in Rome.
This is about basically we have to retain all possible palindromic parties.
So we all know.
Right.
So what is this function?
This function is in a string is and it didn't factor of backtesting.
Basically, it's an array of error which has strings in them.
Something like this.
This whole is an area inside it.
It is an eddy and it has strings in them.
I hope this is good way to.
Was it?
Already yourself.
I would highly recommend it.
Eight and then figure out the complexity.
Try to memorize it as much as possible.
And then I will.
For.
I go and I start coding.
Yeah.
So firstly what I've done is I've taken this thing as.
My Michael and I have initiated this solution, which is nothing.
What?
I just graduated from it.
So this is the best way.
So what happened is copy the class into your here bus pass an input aid.
So in this, what I'm doing is I'm passing this in breath that I'm taking as the input and I'm getting
the resultant I can then put into the resultant.
Let's print it auto x and and now I get to actually be a vector of string.
So all the auto y in x ray coat.
So I'm just printing whatever I get as a result, just to check whether it's correct or not.
And let's just fill this pollution, the glass solution here.
So here I was doing it.
But firstly, I don't want to pasturing again and again.
What I'll do is I'll simply say I just in this latest thing, in the solution to this as equals to s
it's just it is just copying this string is into the above string.
And so this is my way of calling it you all may be different, but this is what I always prefer.
And then what I do is in the end, I'll just copy this glass solution wherever I fill it with and place
it on the record and submitted it.
Of course, I can directly quote it on record as well, but I prefer this eight.
And finally, what I'll do is I let a function called DP and I say, okay, start partitioning from
the zeroth index.
Let's start the partitioning from the other NICS.
But what we'll what we'll do is we'll have normal regression.
This is normal regression.
I'm on some index, i.e. what I did see.
I will move in pointedly.
And whenever I do the palindrome, see if I enjoy I read a function called is palindrome, right?
If I indeed is a palindrome, then I will just say, well, this is a palindrome.
Take this into my vector and give me whatever you have got from the next that is deep plasma.
So it is kind of partitioning only.
For example, I was talking about this example.
Let's take this example.
E Bebe the.
Let's see.
I'm making first grade over here.
That means this is a 68 and this is the first year that I do this.
So if I do do the palindrome, then from G plus one, I will see it could give me whatever palindromes
in from whatever partitioning you can do of the next thing.
I mean from the 11 to end.
And I'll simply upend all of them in 80.
I hope you're getting this point.
Well, so that's what we will do.
And the jihad as it goes.
Yeah.
So deep zero.
So deep zero should than this thing only.
AP literary let's call it I hate this is I'm on the current index from this index to end.
I'll just move a pointer culturally to Diego from my Diego.
Let's start.
And what does this.
Nothing.
But I will ask if this thing is a palindrome for my 2G and let me ask it if is.
Palindrome from Aida to.
And how will this how will I take this?
Let's say I don't.
The function called boolean is palindrome will take i.e. and this will take somebody it.
Let's see whether it is apparent over my NGO or not.
Again, this this is palindrome.
And we optimize this one normal.
Let me quickly quote it normally and then we will optimize it later.
So the normal way is very simple.
You have an index.
So what you can do is you can move i indu towards each other.
So what this palindrome has.
I said, as if I should be able to as a subject means first in the last they should be seen.
So what I will do is I simply move.
I enter towards each other, right?
So I will simply say very nicely, as inequality, what you do.
If essay's not equal to essay, it involves simple if forced in the last year did not seem.
Of course I learned the false rate.
Otherwise if they are same then check whether inside being is a palindrome or not.
Let me explain this very quickly.
So let's say I was doing A, B, B, and I want to check from here to here.
But it is a palindrome for palindrome to exist.
These two characters should be seen.
These two characters should be same.
It should be, you know, it is like I think they are moving towards each other and all those characters
should be same.
So if I were if I have a palindrome of length outline, does this 001234567.
So it's a it's of urgent as as zero should be equal to a seven as when should we go to a six as to who
should we go last 5 minutes three should be equal to for.
So I just have to point.
Let's move towards each other and check.
Then article written false are the race A-plus plus and minus minus more.
Are you one step ahead and one step ahead and repeat the same process?
If it doesn't return false anywhere and this loop breaks, that means.
These islands were at Ingram so I just returned to the site and we we have already initialized as over
here you can see already initialized as a video and that will use it correctly so I hope this is very.
Now, what I've checked is that whether I do the palindrome or not.
Yup.
So.
I know you have checked whether it is a palindrome, one not.
And now what we will do is we will simply ask for the answer.
It is after it.
So let me.
I have this thing called a.
E b e a and I see this is I enjoy it.
I think it is I equals to g right now and is equal to one.
I will ask from G plus one because I've seen that I to do the palindrome raid.
It can be one partition or tell me how many.
Palindromic partisans are possible for distinct starting from displacement.
And which function would give me that answer?
This function.
But what I simply do is.
Vector vector string and I'd say it be the plus one to this function would give me the non centered
missed ordered in resultant.
It's a result.
Now what?
What does this result in contain?
It contains all the palindromic partitions of the string from g plus one, doing basically the suffix
starting a g plus one.
Right now if I have all the following partitioning starting from g1 one plus one, what should I do
for all those palindromic partitioning if I want them to start from my I have this partition called
I to G and I have all the palindromic partitions from J plus one, two and eight.
In all those partitions.
In all those partitions I just push.
The current partition right in front of all those partition, I just simply push the button partition,
which is I told you to let me make a string.
It's a string of string sub thing and let's call it.
It's called a function which is start substring.
And this function will give me the current substring, which is I to do eight.
So it will start from me.
And what is the length of this thing?
I minus zipless replacement.
Well, both of you have simply found this office.
And what we have to do now, we have to just insert this obscene, which is a palindrome, which is
a partition in front of all the partitions that are starting from J plus one.
So how we answered that?
Yeah.
So for that, what?
Let's do one thing.
Let's quickly take the.
On.
Sort of active.
Kind of?
Yeah.
And in design.
So what we do is we keep on pushing.
The.
Interesting.
And the other partitions that we have got from the next index replacement.
Let's go over all of them before auto x and resulting that I know this x will be equal to a vector of
strength.
Now what I need to do is I need to push this vector strings that I have got in.
Yeah, I have to push the current substring in the vector of things that I have got.
So how do I push it?
It becomes very simple.
And what I can do is I can simply ask for insertion.
I can say, okay, okay, insert index we're doing starting next insert at the beginning of X and what
to insert substring.
Right.
And when I have got this insertion, when I've got the.
Addition.
What I can do is I can ask them to inserted into the resultant vector template.
So this isn't a thing where I'm just putting the rest of it and it is inserting in the address of the
x ray.
So the wizard, when we a copy into it, I hope you'll know this part.
So here we are, inserting.
At the beginning of X, I'm inserting the dosing rate inserted in the beginning of x eight.
So in all the partitions I have inserted this.
Now sink.
And after this, what will happen after, say, this lubricant and event?
When I have inserted all the partitions, I will simply say that, yeah, for this island road, for
this particular island, I've inserted all the partitions into the resultant here.
So what I will do is I would simply say that in answer what is the answer is all the partition starting
from here?
I would only simply say that.
Okay.
Upend whatever there is in desert upended after the answers were late.
So let's just iterate only quickly.
I'll simply say four four outbreaks in Israel didn't simply answer that.
Bush.
Back.
It's what I did.
As for the children in front of all of them, I've inserted into something that I want to do in such
a current upswing.
And when I've inserted the currents of thinking all those partitions.
I would simply push the total part that is the current substring, plus all those partitions.
I'll insert all of it into the answer there.
I need to return it and simply.
Now let me.
Yeah, let's.
Pretend the answer to what I have got is if I equals to and the basis, then I will simply return empty
to this.
This should be empty.
So let me put it this way.
Well, I think they should work.
They otherwise will initiate it.
Let's build it once.
Okay.
So we are not provided any input string.
Let me provide this input thing, which is a b, a.
Cool.
So let's see what's happening.
I know we have started.
At partition, this partition we're passing stringers.
Getting stringers here and starting from DP zero eight and.
Cool.
I think this is simple.
If it's a palindrome.
Inserted and returned.
Yep.
So one thing that is.
Not worthy of an IED.
Then we added an empty victor.
So if buried in an empty victor.
Will this Ford Loop ever run?
Because let's see, j plus one equals two as George size eight.
What will this result in contain?
It will contain an empty return.
If it contains an empty vector, that means the current partition that is the suffix of this string.
Eight This substring should be the subject of that string and this will not get appended in front of
any of the vectors because it is empty.
That means this for loop.
This particular fall will actually.
Not run because this land is empty.
In that case, what we can do is if it just add an extra case that if the plus one is equal to either
phase or instead of this, we can see that if resultant that we have got is.
Empty.
What the cases are saying because these are taken can never be empty if it is not pleasant, because
you know that individual characters can always be violent roaming partition.
All the individual characters, if they want to go straight or chase after, they're going to the empty.
What we'll do is we will simply push a vector of the substring behind.
Oh, yeah.
We simply push this vector.
It simply push this vector of string, which is the substring here after the resultant.
And this is important because we are getting an empty vector over here.
Right?
So there may be various different ways to call.
Right.
And of course, I have named the DP.
Right?
So invariably we were going to emit anything I generally name in DP and I know it is not a DV solution,
it is just normal recursive backtracking solution.
Right?
Just pure implementation.
And nothing is just brute force solution.
Which will.
Of course.
Yeah.
Which will.
So vigilant office.
Yeah.
In this case, the Land Office's 16.
So for 16, this solution will always work.
We'll figure out what is the complexity of the solution.
Otherwise, we'll see.
And then let me build it.
And you can easily see that we have this output, which is a b, e e a b.
So this is again a barren room.
And these are all the elements.
So let's save all defamatory.
In this type of thing.
What happens?
Is that all?
The individual elements are also present.
Roaming partitions or all form of ones are also worth noting by addition to that also three the for
folder also.
So basically this will always desert me.
So here you can see it is it made but when I need for I were to 16 so you might be able to see the relation
that the total number of but it only partitions for I think was all this of things are this.
But with all these other things are palindrome is to race to the ballot in minus one eight, and then
this also equals to dividing, literally dividing five as a sum of some positive integers.
So this can be one plus one plus one plus one.
This can be one plus one plus one plus two.
This can be one plus one plus two plus one, one plus one plus three and so on eight.
So in that it is that question really, but it's just that we are basically checking whether whether
something is a palindrome partition or.
I hope you're able to understand this resolution.
And of course, there can be different ways to record it.
You can try your own ways that you want to.
And yet one important thing that I want you to mention and is a reason why this is a particular recursive
back tracking solution.
I began it in the deep section because this can further be optimized.
So let's optimize this because this is pure Drupal solution eight.
And the complexity of this solution is also huge.
And it is and in the duration of our and because you can see to this to the power and minus one, do
we have these strings on the array and then we have to store all those string eight So the complexity
of the solution is huge and let's optimize it a little bit.
So here you can see for any I that is for any index, I'm trying to find all the palindromic parties
and so I delete suffix idle the end of the string basically the starting your date and we know whenever
this I is bingo always these partitions from Edwin will be same like we've been doing partitions from
I doing will always be same they won't change invite only memories it.
Eight.
How can I memorize it?
Because here you can see we have vectors and vectors of strings.
Eight.
So how can I.
What is the best way to memorize this solution?
Kennedy an area or something.
Maybe array of vectors or vectors of strength.
Is it possible?
Or kinetic vector of vector of vector offspring?
Basically what I want is what index I want, based or whatever.
It's on citizen.
And the answer will be of type vector of vector things.
ET.
Yeah.
So let's win with it.
And the best we could be.
I've.
I've already shared it that it's not always necessary to take arrays or, you know, vectors.
You can always ah.
Take some day to day map.
Right.
Let's say you take map of in from this vector of testing and call it MP eight.
What will this map have.
It will have it had the key value pair of integer and this vector of vector strings.
What I can do simple if MP count discount function I think returns whether the you has a value or not
MP not count I then I simply write an MBA which is normal memorization and in the end.
I will simply.
David, that embassy got to answer it.
And we all know that map takes log in of everything.
The word is inserting or we are deriving anything from it.
If we are checking, it will take exactly log and and complexity, which is not much because this will
help us optimize the solution a lot.
It as we are trying to memorize it all the in all the indexes, I will be calculated exactly once you're
going to you're going to eventually imagine that how much time we are saving optimization.
Now there can be another optimization which is about this function called is palindrome.
Whenever something is being called.
I imagine it's been called.
We are checking completely for a comedian whether it's happening to him or not.
Right.
But again, this can be done recursively.
I want it explained in the later part of this course that how you can check palindromes recursively.
So I'm recording it.
But let me hint you, if you want to, you can whenever I want to check whether it will be the palindrome
or not.
What I can simply say if I do this up and into one not.
I can simply say that I should be equal to see.
That means first in Alaska, that should be same and the middle part of it.
Which is from A-plus one to J minus one.
That means masked characters and the middle string should be a blender.
It took this is a normal recursive relation.
You're going to also apply this recursive relation here and memorize it.
Which can further reduce the complexity of your solution.
But none of the memorization and of the none of these.
Optimizations are needed because the constraints are very less here.
It is so foolish to devour any kind of solution will work in this case and buy.
And also, just remember one thing by memorizing we are only trying to save the time complexity.
Just remember this, right?
Because even if we don't memories, we will always have this answer, which is of which will have 16
rows and it will contain all the vectors offspring.
Even if I don't memorize it, even if I am memorizing it, the answer remains same.
That means the space complexity of the answer is same rate.
It just then I'm trying to save some time over there.
Nothing at all.
So that's all that I want to share in this.
I did this problem because we have this next problem called palindromic partitioning too, which is
again a very nice problem and it's already in the next part.
Thanks.